Sarah
and had to rush to find a replacement.
I once had one of my roommates move out on short notice
My other roommate found someone through her coworker
that needed a 3 month sublet. The girl came over
on 2 separate occasions to take a look at the apartment
and the room and decided that she wanted to move in everything seemed to be going smoothly.
My first red flag was when she asked me the day before moving
in if it was okay for her to bring a large desk and
small couch that she really didnt want to part with.
Now my apartment is a loft so its pretty open feeling but its
not actually that big the bedrooms are tiny and it was obviously already fully furnished.
I told her we could try and find room for it and she
assured me that if I ended up not being okay with it she
would move them to storage.
The next morning she came with movers to bring her bed dresser and
the aforementioned furniture.
The couch actually fit okay and we propped up the disassembled desk in
a corner a slight eyesore but not too in the way I could
live with it for a few months.
Sublet girl left to get the rest of her personal belongs and my
roommate and I left for a friends barbecue for the day.
What we came home to that night was surreal and terrifying I should
add that we ate a pot brownie and were super-duper stoned.
When we entered we found what appeared the be the entire contents of
another apartment in our apartment.
gasp Tables stools chairs dressers a standing keyboard floor lamps table lamps full
length mirrors a full set of pots and pans plates and flatware a
toaster oven and just boxes upon boxes of things.
You could barely walk it was so cluttered.
When we told her that she had brought way more stuff than we
agreed to she started insisting that she could make it all fit.
Apparently she had planned on just getting rid of most of her furniture
but at the last minute realized it would be a waste of money
she seriously phrased it just like that so she had her dad help
her bring it all over while we were gone.
I told her there was no way it would all fit and that
she would have to move the stuff into storage as she had previously
offered and she flipped out.
She started screaming about how I thought I knew everything was generally very
rude and insulting telling me how I must have never lived with roommates before.
As she became more aggressive I really started to freak out realizing I
was going to have to kick this girl out.
I had to just leave the apartment at that point to avoid a
full blown panic attack.
When I came back I told her that this wasnt going to work
and she had to find somewhere else to live.
She continued to be angry and aggressive screaming at me and throwing a
fit but finally agreed to have all her stuff out by the next week.
NOTE end of file